chore release v0.17 (#1083)
paritytech/jsonrpsee: CHANGELOG.md

[Keep a Changelog]: http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/

## [v0.17.0] - 2023-04-14

> This is a significant release and the major breaking changes to be aware of are:

Reviewer: Amazing release! Nice work! 🚀

### Server backpressure

> This release changed the server to be "backpressured" and it mostly concerns subscriptions.

Author: ```suggestion
This release changes the server to be "backpressured" and it mostly concerns subscriptions.
```

New APIs has been introduced because that and the API `pipe_from_stream` has been removed.

Before it was possible to do:

```rust
	module
		.register_subscription("sub", "s", "unsub", |_, sink, _| async move {
			let stream = stream_of_integers();

			tokio::spawn(async move {
				sink.pipe_from_stream(stream)
			});
		})
		.unwrap();
```

After this release one must do something like:

```rust
	module
		.register_subscription("sub", "s", "unsub", |_, pending, _| async move {
			pending.accept().await?;

			let stream = stream_of_integers();

			loop {
				tokio::select! {
					_ = sink.closed() => break Ok(()),
					maybe_item = stream.next() => {
						let Some(item) = maybe_item else {
							break Ok(())
						};
						let msg = SubscriptionMessage::from_json(&item)?;
						if let Err(e) = sink.send_timeout(msg) {
							match e {
								// The subscription is closed.
								Err(TrySendError::Closed(_)) => break Ok(()),
								// Channel is full, just drop the subscription
								Err(TrySendError::Full(_)) => break Ok(()),
							}
						}
					}
				}
			}
		})

> 		.unwrap();

Reviewer 2: Maybe worth just pointing to some example where we've used this (I think we used it in a few places) too because they also show that one can write some helper function to do it if needed in multiple places :)

Before it was possible to do:

```rust
	// This would return Result<&str, jsonrpsee::core::Error>
	module.register_method("say_hello", |_, _| Ok("lo"))?;
```

After this release it possible to do:

```rust
	// Note, this method call is infallible and you might not want to return Result.
	module.register_method("say_hello", |_, _| "lo")?;
```

### Subscription API is changed.

jsonrpsee now spawns the subscriptions via `tokio::spawn` and it's sufficient to provide an async block in `register_subscription`

Further, the subscription API had an explicit close API for closing subscriptions which was hard to understand and
to get right. This has been removed and everything is handled by the return value/type of the async block instead.

Example:

```rust
	module
		.register_subscription::<RpcResult<(), _, _>::("sub", "s", "unsub", |_, pending, _| async move {
			// This just answers the RPC call and if this fails => no close notification is sent out.
			pending.accept().await?;
			// This is sent out as a `close notification/message`.
			Err(anyhow::anyhow!("The subscription failed"))?;
		})
		.unwrap();
```

> The return value in example above needs to implement `IntoSubscriptionCloseResponse` and in this case it's `Result<(), E>` which

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The return value in the example above needs to implement `IntoSubscriptionCloseResponse` and in this case it's `Result<(), E>` which
```

> implies that any value after `pending.accept().await?`.

Reviewer 2: Implies that any value after `pending.accept().await?`... what? :D

> Because `Result<(), E>` is used here then close notification will sent out as error notification and it's also possible
> to ignore the return value by using `()` or implement `IntoSubscriptionCloseResponse` for some other behaviour.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because `Result<(), E>` is used here then close notification will sent out as error notification and in this case
the return value is ignored by using `()`. You can implement `IntoSubscriptionCloseResponse` for some other behaviour.
```

Reviewer 2: Something like that; just grammar nits :)

The `IntoResponse` trait is already implemented for `Result<T, jsonrpsee::core::Error>` and for the primitive types

Before it was possible to do:

```rust
    // This would return Result<&str, jsonrpsee::core::Error>
    module.register_method("say_hello", |_, _| Ok("lo"))?;
```

After this release it possible to do:

```rust
    // Note, this method call is infallible and you might not want to return Result.
    module.register_method("say_hello", |_, _| "lo")?;
```

### Subscription close API is simplified

Before the subscription API had a dedicated API for sending something that was called `close notifications`
which was hard to understand and to get right then this errors were not propagated the client just logged on the server side.

To elaborate why this `close API` can be useful is that if a server is closing a subscription it's possible that
the client won't be notified unless a separate notification is sent before the subscription is dropped. In those
scenarios it could be useful to use the `close API` instead of defining your own messages.

To cope with that a new trait called `IntoSubscriptionCloseResponse` has been introduced to make that easier.

> After the `subscription` has been accepted then return value from that async block can be send out as close notification.

Author: ```suggestion
After the `subscription` has been accepted then return value from that async block can be sent out as close notification.
```

> It's implemented for Result<T, E> and can be implemented for custom types/behaviour as well.

Author: ```suggestion
It's implemented for Result<(), E> and can be implemented for custom types/behaviour as well.
```
